TELCODOCS-1470: DS and RN: TELCODOCS-1458 Expanding support for SNO on cloud providers (#66321)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/install-sno-additional-requirements-for-installing-sno-on-a-cloud-provider.adoc

// This module is included in the following assemblies: 
//
// installing/installing_sno/install-sno-preparing-to-install-sno.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="additional-requirements-for-installing-sno-on-a-cloud-provider_{context}"]
= Additional requirements for installing {sno} on a cloud provider

> The documentation for installer-provisioned installation on cloud providers is written with a high availability cluster consisting of three control plane nodes. When referring to the documentation, consider the differences between the requirements for a {sno} cluster and a high availability cluster.

Reviewer: >The documentation for installer-provisioned installation on cloud providers is written with a high availability cluster consisting of three control plane nodes

This sentence feels incomplete. Should "in mind" follow? Or maybe "with" should be replaced with "for"?

> The documentation for installer-provisioned installation on cloud providers is written with a high availability cluster consisting of three control plane nodes. When referring to the documentation, consider the differences between the requirements for a {sno} cluster and a high availability cluster.

Reviewer 2: Not sure why I don't like _is written with_ here.  It just sounds odd (like, this comment it written with a laptop).
```suggestion
The documentation for installer-provisioned installation on cloud providers is based on a high availability cluster consisting of three control plane nodes. When referring to the documentation, consider the differences between the requirements for a {sno} cluster and a high availability cluster.
```

Reviewer: Note that this is copied from a different section of the docs, and is not new. It bothered me as well but I feel like this is irrelevant to this PR

> * The required machines for cluster installation in cloud provider documentation indicates a temporary bootstrap machine, three control plane machines, and at least two compute machines. You require only a temporary bootstrap machine and one cloud instance for the control plane node and no worker nodes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For a high availability cluster, the documentation requires a temporary bootstrap machine, three control plane machines, and at least two compute machines. For a {sno} cluster, you need only a temporary bootstrap machine and one cloud instance for the control plane node and no worker nodes.
```
